More privacy settings in terms of who can DM you (applies to all social media platforms)

None ways to prevent it, maybe ways to stop it when it starts.

It could be easier if they designed concrete rules on what constitutes sexual harassment, and then had a mechanism for reporting which actually worked. Even in PMs.

I think most cases of sexual harassment through social media is not anything serious as you can block people. I think the only way there can be sexual harassment charges is if the reciever is under aged or they threaten to hurt someone.

none. definitely don't want any increased sexual harassment ads, stricter regulations, more news about sexual harassment, etc.

No way

AI that detects harrasment

Zero Tolerance Policies that, upon having proof of sexual harassment, lock further messages from the IP address of the sender

There's really nothing that can mitigate sexual harrassment short of removing a substantial amount of control from the user base.

You can’t

Ability to report harassment, which would lead to immediate blocking and temporary account freeze till user is educated about their behaviour

Could be quicker to use harsh punishments like account banning. Also, steps could be taken to prevent malicious users from creating new accounts and repeating the behavior.

They do all of this

Requiring moderators to ban users for instances of sexual harassment.

I don’t know

Who cares just block them

I don’t know and really don’t care just block someone who does it

Tech can't mitigate it, maybe if you really wanted to you could put some informative ads but thats about it sadly. Some people just don't get social cues and/or just really thirsty

moderate threads

I think Reddit hardly qualifies as a social network and is this much more removed from the idea of sexually harassing an individual.

You don’t have the right to not be sexually harassed online anymore than you have the right not to be harassed online.

It’s why snap chats around. Send nudes

None

I think this pertains to the option above, but when you report something on Instagram, Facebook, etc, it could pop up with a list of national, state and local resources based on your location.

Somehow flagging people who send inappropriate messages so that they can be easily removed from the platform. Also, some people will tag random other people in inappropriate posts, so maybe a way to only allow certain friends to tag you in posts would help

I don't really think social media can strongly fight sexual harassment. Users can block harassers, and the website can suspend reported harassers; but that's about it. Anything further requires removing anonymity on social media so that their actions can be permanently linked with them, but that also risks exposing the personal information of victims.

Blocking accounts that make lewd or obscene posts

Have an option to block and report someone for sexual harassment

If an excessive number of posts are reported, submit the name to an authority

quick responses to reporting of comments/posts

None of the above are good suggestions for limiting cases of sexual harassment on social media given how the way they are worded could imply encroaching on the First Amendment and freedom of information. The best way is for the user being "sexually harassed" on social media is for them to continuously block the individual and completely disintegrate contact with the harasser.

let finstas not be allowed to be a thing

allow anonymous ways to report sexual harassment on the platform, but only if the reporter has a mechanism to provide documentation directly from the site so as to avoid false accusations.  should be reviewed by humans

increase awareness that men are often victims and people need to start standing up for them

Not really much other than banning sexual harassment users and reporting to authorities if its severe

Stricter punishments for repeat offenders who use social media platforms to stalk/harass others
 We must be careful in how sexual harassment is defined if we are to implement technology that, in effect, acts as the judge and jury over that person’s ability to use the said platform. It is also worth noting that if any such algorithm(s) were to be effective, the definition of sexual harassment must be constrained considerably to reach the confidence intervals necessary to identify valid threats while minimizing the false positives resulting from unintended consequences of modeling a lot of otherwise common behavior that may happen to actually constitute harassment in certain contexts considering the sexual orientation of parties involved. Only the most flagrant of harassment would have a unique enough behavior profile to be segmented and eradicated effectively, and It should be. But the engineers of such software have an ethical responsibility to be very thoughtful in how these models are trained and come to be defined. And as an engineer you have a responsibility to portray the concrete and abstract complexity which such models entail. That’s my 2 cents for what it’s worth.

Admin behind the tech needs to take complaints seriously.

You can't prevent someone else's behavior. You can only control your response to their actions.

IP bans, shadow bans, etc.

actually holding perpetrators accountable

Not a way

Being able to report to all subreddit's mods, or admins if they do nothing. Not all mods care at all.

I'm not particularly concerned with cyber sexual harassment. When one is too offended by a particular social media platform, it does not always point to a fault on the part of the platform. Use a different platform or learn to deal with uncomfortable situations.

Regulating who can send messages to other users.

Sexual harassment is the fault of the one doing the harassing. Technology is not responsible for it.

Actually doing something when people report abusers

A way to report perpetrators as opposed to simply blocking or unfriending them

The block feature that's available on every social media platform

Consistent punishment of offenders and thenpunishment made public

if people actually knew what was and wasn't sexual harassment it would be a lot easier

Ability to block trolls, harassers by IP instead of by user name.
